Chapter 7 Outline (#84)
merely-useful/r-rse: chapters/07-build-management.Rmd

- Pre-push running test, build, and check
- Continuous integration using GitHub Actions

## Learning Objectives 

> * Acquaint with the devtools functionality needed to manage an R package infrastructure
> * Describe the CRAN checks' process and the different components
> * Understand and set up the workflow for an R package validation
> * Deploy a GitHub Action that runs a continuous integration workflow

Reviewer: I like learning objectives to use verbs that almost describe the way they could be assessed, i.e. be measurable - "aquaint" and "understand" are a little too non-specific.  How about:
```suggestion
* Describe the functionality devtools provides to manage an R package infrastructure
* Explain the CRAN checks' process and the different components
* Implement the workflow to validate an R package locally
* Deploy a GitHub Action that runs a continuous integration workflow
```
